content/pages/alberto-varela/index.md, before:

---
slug: alberto-varela
title: About Alberto Varela
excerpt: Berriart contact page
resources:
- name: "featured"
  src: "images/alberto-varela.jpg"
---

I am 35 years old and I am Full Stack Developer based in <a data-toggle="bilbaoModal" href="#bilbaoModal">Bilbao</a> with more than 10 years of experience. I am passionate about everything related to web development and I'm currently working as Software Developer at <a href="https://www.plainconcepts.com/">Plain Concepts</a>. The easiest way
to get in touch is via email: [alberto@berriart.com](mailto:alberto@berriart.com).

## <i class="fi-monitor"></i> Web development

My preferred back-end languages are PHP and Javascript (Node.js). I'm also front-end developer, I've worked with Angular, Vue and
a lot of Vanilla JS. I have used MySQL and MongoDB as data storage. I'm open for alternatives when is necessary.

## <i class="fi-widget"></i> Continuous Integration

I have implemented continuous integration and continuous deployment pipelines in multiple projects, including source control, software and
infrastructure automatic provisioning, unit testing, deployment, functional testing, monitoring and notifications.

## <i class="fi-clipboard-pencil"></i> Analysis &amp; Planning

I have worked in Agile teams and I have experience heading the dev department in small start-ups also. I love to learn about processes to maximize the business value delivery and I like to think that I have helped improving the workflow of the companies I worked for.

## <i class="fi-lock"></i> DevOps

I believe that collaboration between development and operations is possible and I like contributing making it real. I have experience managing Linux
servers and with cloud technologies (AWS and Azure). Infrastructure as code has been a must in the last projects I worked for and I like
to spread the idea.

## <i class="fi-target-two"></i> SEO and Web Analytics

I like SEO, not all kinds, but the in-page SEO. I allways try to optimize the sites for search engines when coding: web performance,
the HTML structure, semantics, microdata, linkbuilding... I've also configured advanced analytics to measure ROI in multiple
websites.

## <i class="fi-lightbulb"></i> Others

I am a self-taught, but I love working with people who know and can teach me. I think my two best qualities are that I like to teach what I know and
that I know I have still a lot to learn.

*You can see my formal CV [in LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/artberri).*

Commit message:

Preparing deploy and some fixes (Hugo)

content/pages/alberto-varela/index.md, after:

---
slug: alberto-varela
title: About Alberto Varela
description: Berriart contact page
resources:
- name: "featured"
  src: "images/alberto-varela.jpg"
---

I am 35 years old and I am Full Stack Developer based in <a data-toggle="bilbaoModal" href="#bilbaoModal">Bilbao</a> with more than 10 years of experience. I am passionate about everything related to web development and I'm currently working as Software Developer at <a href="https://www.plainconcepts.com/">Plain Concepts</a>. The easiest way
to get in touch is via email: [alberto@berriart.com](mailto:alberto@berriart.com).

## <i class="fa fa-code" aria-hidden="true"></i> Web development

I have mainly been working with PHP, Javascript (Node.js) and C# as back-end languages. I'm also front-end developer, I've worked with Angular, Vue and
a lot of Vanilla JS. I have used SQLServer, MySQL and MongoDB as data storage. I'm open for alternatives when it is necessary.

## <i class="fa fa-cog" aria-hidden="true"></i> Continuous Integration

I have implemented continuous integration and continuous deployment pipelines in multiple projects, including source control, software and
infrastructure automatic provisioning, unit testing, deployment, functional testing, monitoring and notifications.

## <i class="fa fa-comments-o" aria-hidden="true"></i> Analysis &amp; Planning

I have worked in Agile teams and I have experience heading the dev department in an small start-up also. I love to learn about processes to maximize the business value delivery and I like to think that I have helped improving the workflow of the companies I worked for.

## <i class="fa fa-server" aria-hidden="true"></i> DevOps

I believe that collaboration between development and operations is possible and I like contributing making it real. I have experience managing Linux
servers and with cloud technologies (AWS and Azure). Infrastructure as code has been a must in the last projects I worked for and I like
to spread the idea.

## <i class="fa fa-bar-chart" aria-hidden="true"></i> SEO and Web Analytics

I like SEO, not all kinds, but the in-page SEO. I allways try to optimize the sites for search engines when coding: web performance,
the HTML structure, semantics, microdata, linkbuilding... I've also configured advanced analytics to measure ROI in multiple
websites.

## <i class="fa fa-microphone" aria-hidden="true"></i> Meetups &amp; Conferences

I like to attend meetups and conferences, especially local ones. I have been also giving some workshops and talks at events like [Software Crafters Barcelona](https://scbcn.github.io/) or [Bilbao Tech Week](http://bilbaotechweek.eus/), and I usally try to partipate on open spaces.

## <i class="fa fa-hand-spock-o" aria-hidden="true"></i> Others

I am a self-taught, but I love working with people who know and can teach me. I think my two best qualities are that I like to teach what I know and
that I know I have still a lot to learn.

*You can see my formal CV [in LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/artberri).*
